ISAM-to-DataPower configuration migration tool

This perl script helps users of the IBM ISAM server or appliance migrate their
Web reverse proxy configurations onto a DataPower appliance.

Install isam2dp.pl and isam2dp.conf in a directory.

Invoke the tool using perl, passing the exported *.zip file as input.
The tool invokes the vim editor on file isam2dp.conf to allow you to 
customize some parameters that are needed for the migration: parameters that 
either cannot be found in the origin ISAM config extract, or that must be
modified from the origin ISAM config in order to fit in the new DataPower
environment (e.g., change hostname from the ISAM server hostname to the
DataPower hostname, change interface IP addresses and ports, etc).

[tommcs@tommcsW500 ~/isam-migration-tool]$ perl isam2dp.pl ../ISAM/ConfigRP/webseal_configReverseProxy3.zip 

<vim is invoked on isam2dp.conf>

Your output is in ./DPISAM_migrateReverseProxy3.zip use it in good health!
[tommcs@tommcsW500 ~/isam-migration-tool]$ ls -lt
total 148
-rw-rw-r--. 1 tommcs tommcs 96990 Mar  5 10:35 DPISAM_migrateReverseProxy3.zip
-rw-r--r--. 1 tommcs tommcs  2238 Mar  5 10:35 isam2dp.conf
-rw-rw-r--. 1 tommcs tommcs 37782 Mar  5 10:10 isam2dp.pl
-rw-rw-r--. 1 tommcs tommcs  1294 Feb  6 17:31 LICENSE.txt
-rw-rw-r--. 1 tommcs tommcs   881 Jan 15 10:24 README
[tommcs@tommcsW500 ~/isam-migration-tool]$ 

The output zip file can be Imported into your DataPower appliance!
However, the import process requires a few steps:
0. Before you begin, ensure your DataPower appliance is at fixpack level 7.1.0.4
   or later.  This level contains fixes that are required for the import of the
   Reverse Proxy to be successful.
1. Login to your DataPower appliance and create an application domain to hold the
   ISAM runtime, reverse proxies, and junctions.  Use the same name for that domain 
   as you used for the '[configure] DPdomain' parameter of the isam2dp.conf file 
   that you edited during the migration process above.
2. Switch to that domain and manually configure the ISAM runtime
   (Objects > Security Access Manager > Access Manager Runtime)
3. Invoke the import function (Control Panel > Import Configuration).  
   Import the ISAM Reverse Proxy and Junctions, and any key files, 
   but DO NOT import the isamconfig://webseald-reverseProxyName.conf file 
   (deselect it before hitting the "Import" button).
   DataPower will create a webseald-reverseProxyName.conf file from scratch 
   when the Reverse Proxy is imported/created. 
4. Overwrite the webseald-reverseProxyName.conf file that DataPower created with
   the one generated by the migration tool.  The reason to do this is to preserve
   customizations that you had made to that configuration on the ISAM server.
   There are multiple ways to this replacement, post-import:
   - the file can be imported using the same import function in DataPower,
     and just selecting that one file to import, or
   - the file can be uploaded via SOMA, or 
   - you can replace the file contents manually, via the Migration tab of 
     the Reverse Proxy object.
5. After the isamconfig://webseald-reverseProxyName.conf file is replaced, 
   restart the Reverse Proxy.

The tool creates a temporary directory under /tmp that contains working files.
It creates a new temp directory each time it is executed.
